1.  What is a binary tree and what makes it unique to other trees?
> Answer:
A binary tree, is a database structure made up of nodes that is split in two childs  - right and left.
What makes it unique is it's child nodes. If it happens to not have a child node, it's called a lead node.

2.  What is a heuristic?
> Answer:

A Heuristic is a guess that software engineers and there algorithm's make when faced with a complex problem, for example calculating the shortest path to travel to a destination via Google maps.

3.  What is another problem besides the shortest-path problem that requires the use of heuristics?
> Answer:
A graph problem also requires the use of heuristics because it solves the the problem by finding just one solution.

4.  What is the difference between a depth-first search and a breadth-first search?
> Answer:
A depth-first search, moves along a tree or graph data structure searching as far possible before backtracking and searching another root, where as a breadth-first search looks at the nodes first starting at the first level, then moving to the next level of neighbor nodes.

5.  Explain in your own words what an undirected, a-cyclic, unweighted graph is.
> Answer:
To me it's like a free-for-all type of graph, and reminds of an intersection and here's why:
- An intersection has three exits you could potentially take (straight, left turn, or right turn), meaning it's undirected.
- When you enter an intersection, you typically change your speed (slow down for oncoming traffic, or speed up so you don't hit a red list), so there is no cost of time and you could call that unweighted.
- You can't do a u-turn in an intersection, so to me it's acyclic.

So to me an undirected, a-cyclic, unweighted graph is just like a intersection.

6.  What kind of graph is a binary search tree?
> Answer:
A binary tree contains nodes that point to a left and right child, and a binary search tree puts an order to each of these node based on a quantifiable value. When searching along the tree, nodes on the right have more value than the ones on the right.

Programming Questions

1. Given a Binary Search Tree and a value, write a function that checks to see whether the value exists within the tree.
Example: The value 10 exists in the tree. The value 23 does not exist in the tree.

> Answer: ***

2. Given a Binary Search Tree and two nodes, n1 and n2, write a function that finds the distance between the two nodes.
Example: The distance between the nodes 4 and 10 is 4. The distance between the nodes 8 and 10 is 1. The distance between the nodes 1 and 14 is 4.

> Answer: ***
